I need you to spec out a new module as part of the finance area. There should be a master menu item for finance, with billing underneath it, as well as this new module for accounts payable. The accounts payable module will allow us to review an invoice from a contract employee and match it to line items on entered time, and any entered expenses. We need to also reconcile the cost rate for each employee relative to those invoices. Once the invoice line items are marked good and matched for payment, they should be marked as approved for payment and tied back to the AP invoice. This is a very separate process from what we use for our accounts receivable invoicing under billing. Once either a time entry or an expense entry is marked as approved for payment and the invoice from the contractor is approved for payment, those line items should no longer be matchable on a future invoice.

We will also need appropriate review reports, as well as a tab on the user management screen to allow admins to see all of the received, open, and paid invoices from each resource.
These features should be reserved for admins, executives, and finance managers.
Additionally, we'll need to track for each employee if they are regular employee or a contract employee, and if a contract employee they are eligible for this kind of invoice submission; If not they are not. Ideally, we would map additional properties to make sure we have W9 and an operating agreement with each contractor, along with taxpayer ID numbers, copies of the contracts, but all of that is extremely low priority and dependent on SPE configuration. And this whole block of work is relatively low priority.
We also need a Staffing tab on each project to map who’s attached to the project and use this to filter the default values on a project. With active/inactive for each resource, staff who are no longer available also don’t show as options for new estimates but might be used in filtering existing time entries or expenses.
Please review and design this body of work, and add it at the appropriate priority to the master backlog document 
